I thought it's gonna make a big pop
today I've got on your man on camera so
I'll try and get you some different
views of knuckle lifting and army arms
and stuff like that so we'll see how it
goes it's a bit of a trial and error job
so off we go I met quite a big one this
is seven power closer to the center
first pull me up
bring it down
both of it in about four of an inch in
the bottom of a fully how
compress the best ago
just narrow it a little bit what if
she's a bit of a heel lift first
slightly just for the big blur shoes in
the heel of my hand just to lift a bit
of the thing stuff up there
I color it in again squeeze right
maybe she's narrative itself but the
public stand against poison
so now we'll do the first knuckle lift
which basically is hummed inside knuckle
under the bottom let the Claire flow up
that knuckle
so a girl take me knuckle in that you
can say Keith um as a bullet just to
sort of something from going outward
just Paul I got a lot of clay up really
quickly
get to sublight
slowly right down I was getting taller
those otherwise I'll go all over the
place just pull her in it again call her
in again from the bottom it might go a
little bit wobbly what else uh construal
again another knuckle left so you have
to lube up a bit maybe I am right now
same thing look like the bottom
leftie
we need to be a bit taller
I'm ticked off
don't basic okay selling the up so
I'll just try now falling into a bit of
a pasture there's a bit wider the bottle
see how we get on
to squeeze in again at the bottom they
look a bit rough until a finally
share pick properly
I'm just using these things on the
inside there's no way you're gonna show
this justice all forcing out
walk around
I'm not doing any lifting I'm just
falling out from the inside out
inside of the share of innovate mama get
a girl from - I'm just gonna call her
the topic
to cut any excess walkway stuff off at
the top with me little pig you doesn't
find it
strange that
make it rich there and then I'm just
gonna go up
your hide to it
go it's a little bit wobbly in a bit
Saint Laurent
to the final chef in now from the inside
cloud and have a bit of a bad shoulder
shared to it
why did it happen
laughter with itself it's got a bit to
say
they'll opt out again as usual
that's about it just give me the sponge
off you might got a few different angles
there the lawyer
I was in it yourself it's only where
that's just it'll dissolve art from
various different angles maybe you've
seen the knuckle lifts a bit better
that's it big bars different angles
that's it